Adding mkey ussage to distiguish SPDM manifest blocks (in list of examples) (#609)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

##### Measurement Keys {#sec-comid-mkey}

A Measurement Key is an identifier for a measured element.

> It can be used to identify the type of measured element (see {{-cca-endorsements}} or SPDM Manifest's blocks originating from a specific environment) or to identify multiple measured element instances within the same environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used to identify the type of measured element (see {{-cca-endorsements}}), or to index an SPDM [DSP0274] measurements blocks originating from a specific target environment, or to identify multiple measured element instances within the same environment.
```

##### Measurement Keys {#sec-comid-mkey}

A Measurement Key is an identifier for a measured element.

> It can be used to identify the type of measured element (see {{-cca-endorsements}}), or to index an SPDM [DSP0274] measurements blocks originating from a specific target environment, or to identify multiple measured element instances within the same environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used to identify the type of measured element (see {{-cca-endorsements}}), or to index an SPDM [DSP0274] measurements block originating from a specific target environment, or to identify multiple measured element instances within the same environment.
```
